performance-tuning: remove stats config, add tidb_stats_load_sync_wait (#19912)
pingcap/docs: tidb-performance-tuning-config.md

| [`tidb_enable_non_prepared_plan_cache`](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_non_prepared_plan_cache)| Enable the [Non-prepared plan cache](/sql-non-prepared-plan-cache.md) feature to reduce compile costs for applications that do not use prepared statements. | N/A |
| [`tidb_ignore_prepared_cache_close_stmt`](/system-variables.md#tidb_ignore_prepared_cache_close_stmt-new-in-v600)| Cache plans for applications that use prepared statements but close the plan after each execution. | N/A |
| [`tidb_analyze_column_options`](/system-variables.md#tidb_analyze_column_options-new-in-v830)| Collect statistics for all columns to avoid suboptimal execution plans due to missing column statistics. By default, TiDB only collects statistics for [predicate columns](/statistics.md#collect-statistics-on-some-columns). | Setting this variable to `'ALL'` can cause more resource usage for the `ANALYZE TABLE` operation compared with the default value `'PREDICATE'`. |

> | [`tidb_stats_load_sync_wait`](/system-variables.md#tidb_stats_load_sync_wait-new-in-v540)| Increase the timeout for synchronously loading statistics from default 100ms to 2s, to make sure statistics are loaded before compiling queries. | This can increase the sync wait time to compile the query. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`tidb_stats_load_sync_wait`](/system-variables.md#tidb_stats_load_sync_wait-new-in-v540)| Increase the timeout for synchronously loading statistics from the default 100 milliseconds to 2 seconds. This ensures TiDB loads the necessary statistics before query compilation. | Increasing this value leads to a longer synchronization wait time before query compilation. |
```
